new security guidelines & info (#54)
swift-server/sswg: README.md

With Tom Doron ([@tomerd](https://github.com/tomerd), Apple) representing the Swift core team.

> ## Security

Reviewer: this feels out of place here. I suggest moving to before "Meeting Time"

> Please refer to our [Security](security.md) page for anything related to security of any software related to the SSWG or listed on the SSWG's package index.

Reviewer 2: Tweaked some grammar to avoid repetition and slightly increase formality... not sure if it's worth it though.
```suggestion
Please refer to our [Security](security.md) page for matters related to security of any software affiliated with the SSWG or listed on the SSWG's package index.
```
